c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.exe.config
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.exe
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.g.resources
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.exe
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Konrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WyswietlanieTextu\WyswietlanieTextu\obj\Debug\WyswietlanieTextu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
